Task: Implement “Quick Action” Dropdown Features in the Admin Dashboard (Frontend + Backend + Database)

In the Admin Dashboard, there is a button labeled “Quick Action.”
I need you to implement a fully functional dropdown system under this button with the following features. Make sure the implementation includes frontend UI, backend APIs, Supabase database integration, validations, and error-free functionality across the entire flow.

1. Add “My Payment Details” Dropdown

When the admin clicks Quick Action → My Payment Details, a secondary dropdown/section should appear with the following capabilities:

Admin Payment Details Management

Upload and store Admin’s own QR Code image (UPI QR).

Add and update:

UPI ID

Bank Account Number

IFSC Code

Account Holder Name

All data must be saved in Supabase (new or existing table — design accordingly).

The stored QR and details must be retrievable securely when needed.

Send Payment Details to Members

Add an option for the admin to send these payment details to any member through:

WhatsApp (auto-generated deep link)

Email (via backend mail service)

Requirements:

The message should include QR code, UPI ID, bank details, and payment instructions.

Ensure no errors when sending messages; proper success/failure responses must be handled.

2. Add “GymSaathi Helpdesk 24x7” Option

In the Quick Action dropdown, add a second option:

GymSaathi Helpdesk (24×7)
Contact numbers:

(011) 6926-8182

+91 98707 53186

Clicking this should show the numbers clearly and allow the admin to copy or directly initiate a call (mobile devices).

Technical Requirements

You MUST take care of the complete flow:

Frontend

Add dropdown UI under Quick Action.

Add forms for uploading QR, adding UPI/bank details.

Add modals/toasts for success/error feedback.

Add “Send to Member” interface (select member → send).

Backend (Node.js + TypeScript)

Create fully working APIs for:

Uploading QR code to Supabase storage

Saving/updating payment details in DB

Fetching payment details

Sending WhatsApp links

Sending emails to members

Must include validation, error-handling, and secure API access per role.

Database (Supabase)

Create or update tables to store admin payment details:

admin_payment_details:
  id (uuid)
  admin_id (uuid)
  qr_url (text)
  upi_id (text)
  bank_account_number (text)
  ifsc_code (text)
  holder_name (text)
  created_at
  updated_at


Configure storage bucket for QR images.

Ensure Row-Level Security (RLS) works properly.

Quality Requirements

No console errors

No broken connections

No Supabase client misconfiguration

No unhandled exceptions

All routes must return proper responses

The UI must be fully responsive and stable

I do not want any errors from your side.
Review the entire flow end-to-end after implementing and ensure everything works perfectly.